d:\usuarios\linkunder\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApiReclutamiento\ApiReclutamiento\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
d:\usuarios\linkunder\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApiReclutamiento\ApiReclutamiento\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
d:\usuarios\linkunder\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApiReclutamiento\ApiReclutamiento\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
d:\usuarios\linkunder\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApiReclutamiento\ApiReclutamiento\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
d:\usuarios\linkunder\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApiReclutamiento\ApiReclutamiento\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
d:\usuarios\linkunder\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApiReclutamiento\ApiReclutamiento\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
d:\usuarios\linkunder\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApiReclutamiento\ApiReclutamiento\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
d:\usuarios\linkunder\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApiReclutamiento\ApiReclutamiento\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
d:\usuarios\linkunder\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApiReclutamiento\ApiReclutamiento\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
d:\usuarios\linkunder\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApiReclutamiento\ApiReclutamiento\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
d:\usuarios\linkunder\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApiReclutamiento\ApiReclutamiento\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
d:\usuarios\linkunder\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApiReclutamiento\ApiReclutamiento\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
d:\usuarios\linkunder\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApiReclutamiento\ApiReclutamiento\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
d:\usuarios\linkunder\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApiReclutamiento\ApiReclutamiento\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
d:\usuarios\linkunder\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApiReclutamiento\ApiReclutamiento\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
d:\usuarios\linkunder\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApiReclutamiento\ApiReclutamiento\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
d:\usuarios\linkunder\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApiReclutamiento\ApiReclutamiento\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
d:\usuarios\linkunder\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApiReclutamiento\ApiReclutamiento\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
d:\usuarios\linkunder\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApiReclutamiento\ApiReclutamiento\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
d:\usuarios\linkunder\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApiReclutamiento\ApiReclutamiento\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
d:\usuarios\linkunder\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApiReclutamiento\ApiReclutamiento\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
d:\usuarios\linkunder\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApiReclutamiento\ApiReclutamiento\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
d:\usuarios\linkunder\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApiReclutamiento\ApiReclutamiento\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
d:\usuarios\linkunder\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApiReclutamiento\ApiReclutamiento\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
d:\usuarios\linkunder\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApiReclutamiento\ApiReclutamiento\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
d:\usuarios\linkunder\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApiReclutamiento\ApiReclutamiento\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
d:\usuarios\linkunder\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApiReclutamiento\ApiReclutamiento\bin\ApiReclutamiento.dll.config
d:\usuarios\linkunder\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApiReclutamiento\ApiReclutamiento\bin\ApiReclutamiento.dll
d:\usuarios\linkunder\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApiReclutamiento\ApiReclutamiento\bin\ApiReclutamiento.pdb
d:\usuarios\linkunder\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApiReclutamiento\ApiReclutamiento\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
d:\usuarios\linkunder\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApiReclutamiento\ApiReclutamiento\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\usuarios\linkunder\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApiReclutamiento\ApiReclutamiento\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
d:\usuarios\linkunder\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApiReclutamiento\ApiReclutamiento\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
d:\usuarios\linkunder\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApiReclutamiento\ApiReclutamiento\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
d:\usuarios\linkunder\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApiReclutamiento\ApiReclutamiento\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
d:\usuarios\linkunder\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApiReclutamiento\ApiReclutamiento\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\usuarios\linkunder\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApiReclutamiento\ApiReclutamiento\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
d:\usuarios\linkunder\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApiReclutamiento\ApiReclutamiento\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
d:\usuarios\linkunder\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApiReclutamiento\ApiReclutamiento\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
d:\usuarios\linkunder\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApiReclutamiento\ApiReclutamiento\bin\es\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
d:\usuarios\linkunder\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApiReclutamiento\ApiReclutamiento\bin\es\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
d:\usuarios\linkunder\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApiReclutamiento\ApiReclutamiento\bin\es\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
d:\usuarios\linkunder\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApiReclutamiento\ApiReclutamiento\obj\Release\ApiReclutamiento.dll
d:\usuarios\linkunder\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApiReclutamiento\ApiReclutamiento\obj\Release\ApiReclutamiento.pdb
d:\usuarios\linkunder\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApiReclutamiento\ApiReclutamiento\obj\Release\ApiReclutamiento.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
